fix: improve support for `configFile: false`  use in kit (#319)
sveltejs/vite-plugin-svelte: docs/config.md

> Try to stick with the `.js` extension whenever possible.

> ### Disable automatic handling of svelte config

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Disable automatic handling of Svelte config
```

> Use `configFile: false` to prevent vite-plugin-svelte from reading the config file or restarting the devserver when it changes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use `configFile: false` to prevent `vite-plugin-svelte` from reading the config file or restarting the Vite dev server when it changes.
```

```js
export default defineConfig({
  plugins: [
    svelte({
      configFile: false
      // your svelte config here
    })
  ]
});
```

> Warning:

> > This option primarily exists for frameworks like SvelteKit that do their own parsing of svelte config and control the devserver
> > You are responsible to provide the complete config inline when used.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> This option primarily exists for frameworks like SvelteKit that do their own parsing of Svelte config and control the Vite dev server.
> You are responsible to provide the complete inline config when used.
```
